feat: SVGO config (#1671)
Amsterdam/design-system: proprietary/react-icons/CONTRIBUTING.md

> <!-- @license CC0-1.0 -->

Reviewer: I think this file is in the wrong location, it should be in `proprietary/assets`

Author: Moved it

# Contributing Guidelines

> ## Contents
> 
> - [Exporting icons](#exporting-icons)
> 
> ## Exporting icons
> 
> To export all icons from [the Figma file](https://www.figma.com/design/9IGm6IdPUYizBNGsUnueBd/Amsterdam-Design-System?node-id=6852-5124) to SVG use the native SVG export functionality in Figma. To select all icons select the shapes frame, press `Enter` to select direct children and then `Enter` again to select all icon components. The select export to SVG in the sidebar and export all icons to the `icons` folder. Then run the following command to optimize the SVG files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Importing icons from Figma
We create and update icons in Figma, then import them into this package for distribution.
**Important**: Only export icons from Figma for use in this package. Do not use these icons directly in an application.
To export all icons from [the Figma file](https://www.figma.com/design/9IGm6IdPUYizBNGsUnueBd/Amsterdam-Design-System?node-id=6852-5124), use Figma's built-in SVG export feature.
Select the Shape frame, press `Enter` to select direct children and then press `Enter` again to select all icon components.
In the right-hand sidebar, click the plus sign next to Export. Choose SVG and export.
Copy these files over to the `icons` folder and run the following command to optimize them:
```

Author: This is not correct, I've described how you can export multiple files, you've changed it to selecting the shape which has no children.

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: I shortened this when updating the readmes.

```suggestion
```sh
```
